Fix wording in preloading pinned modules docs (#220)
rails/importmap-rails: README.md

## Preloading pinned modules

> To avoid the waterfall effect where the browser has to load one file after another before it can get to the deepest nested import, importmap-rails uses [modulepreload links](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/12/modulepreload) by default. If you don't want to preload dependencies, e.g. because you want to load it on-demand for efficiency, pinned modules can prevent preloading by appending `preload: false` to the pin.

Reviewer: I'd suggest we simplify this to:
```suggestion
To avoid the waterfall effect where the browser has to load one file after another before it can get to the deepest nested import, importmap-rails uses [modulepreload links](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/12/modulepreload) by default. If you don't want to preload a dependency, because you want to load it on-demand for efficiency, append `preload: false` to the pin.
```
which removes the passive voice (which felt a bit awkward) in favor of the imperative tense and deletes the redundant part

Author: Yes, that's better. Thank you for the review and suggestion. I'll update shortly.
